chore: Adds a deprecation notice in the README (#216)
canonical/lego-base-k8s-operator: README.md

## Deprecation Notice

**This charm is no longer supported, please consider using [lego-operator](https://github.com/canonical/lego-operator) or [notary-k8s-operator](https://github.com/canonical/notary-k8s-operator) instead.**

> 

Reviewer: Notary is not yet ready for use, let's simply redirect users to the lego charm

> **This charm is no longer supported, please consider using [lego-operator](https://github.com/canonical/lego-operator) or [notary-k8s-operator](https://github.com/canonical/notary-k8s-operator) instead.**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This charm is no longer supported, please use [lego-operator](https://github.com/canonical/lego-operator) instead.**

```

Author: Done
